Hello this is Carol from frigs dot com.
And welcome to this course and algorithmic trading and Emco for complete beginners.
I'm really excited to have you on board.
And in this short video I'm going to outline the highlights of the score so that you know what to expect.
We will start off by installing a trade or four and then we will learn how to open a free demo account
which we'll use for testing.
There we will create a very first program which will say Hello World.
We'll learn how to launch that program and a traitor for next will learn the fundamentals of met kill
for any programming language study loops and so on.
In parallel we'll be discussing training system design and we will also be working with prices very
quickly will understand how we can use inputs from the trader in our systems and very soon we'll open
our very first order and empty for.
We will also learn how to close orders and establish failsafe mechanisms so programs always work correctly.
Finally together we will come up with a trading strategy idea for the British LBJ's doll which will
then put into a schematic diagram which I call it training such blueprint because it makes a logic very
clear.
I will also teach you how to create these diagrams for free on line and how to make them look awesome
in case you're presenting them to somebody else in this course you will also learn how to use the meditator
for strategy tester and how to run back tests for your algorithmic trading system.
We will also learn how to improve the trading system by adding filters after the code has already been
finalized and tested.
And the best part is that at the end of the course we learn how to optimize our trading strategy which
will allow us to turn off forex robot into a fully functional standalone profitable arrhythmic trading
system.
I hope you found this brief overview useful and that you're as excited about the source as I am and
I look forward to seeing you on the next tutorial.
Until then happy coding.